hey guys and welcome back today to
another FIFA 15 pack opening video now
unknown to me I didn't even have a clue
these packs are out there's 25 k-pax out
right now and you get 12 items 12 Gold's
they're all red so hopefully we should
be able to get someone who's going to be
pretty good because recently my luck on
FIFA I've just gone down the drain it's
been obliterated I tweeted out saying
you guys should send me in some
superstitions to open some packs you
guys tweeted me some so we're going to
do five superstitions for the five packs
let's go okay so the first pack is the
seduce EA pack which is sent in on Jack
Doyle so Jack Doyle wants me to seduce
EA that's what we're gonna do Oh ei
you're so freaking good oh yeah my god
you're so freaking hot EA been dinner oh
we got it kind of says frickin name Oh
boom I dare I literally was like open in
the black seducing them in a really
weird voice and I'm opened and we got
absolutely no players scroll over to the
duplicates and we get Diego Costa what a
start guys that is absolutely brilliant
the next one is sent in by crucial
reacts he says say Josh pack now i'm
pretty sure i'm almost one hundred
percent sure you're thinking of the the
Lionel Richie song say you say me Josh
say me say Josh for always Oh Josh okay
that's not bad we get 80 full rated
Benassi oh we get each a it's not really
the best pack of all time but we get an
84 rated again so that isn't too bad
we're going to place all of these
players on the transfer list so the next
superstition is sent in from Neil Andrew
hall and he says two down a glass of
milk in 10 seconds so without any
further ado I've got a almost find of
milk I've already had a little sip out
of it so it's not full pipe now
that was awful okay the down in the milk
pack gives you absolutely no one the
best player again buddy Vargas and
jhooth call up my eyes my eyes are
bloodshot for drinking milk I don't what
in this so we've got two packs to go and
James McCann says Joe Weller impression
pack you'll ninety-nine point nine
percent get an in-form or a legend so I
guess we're gonna do the Joe Weller
impression pack yo guys so now extra
like jet like 25k back there that's what
you're wanting your sandwiches here we
go nothing that's a bit too nuts you get
fucking trash it and we also get Sergio
Busquets guys the jowell a pack we get
an 85 rated player we get Seamus Coleman
oh jowell know if you don't know who he
is sick youtuber friend of mine he
uploaded a video of him going around
picking up girls dressed up as Mary
Balotelli it's absolutely hilarious if
you haven't seen it go check that out
i'll leave a link in the description to
this video so absolutely hilarious so
the last superstition is sent in for
nicko I'm trying to read his surname
Nico coagulant berg I do I that must be
wrong my pronunciation I do apologize
but I'm going to draw a penis just for
you I'm going to open this last pack so
I've actually got like a proper notepad
right now and I'm going to dedicate a
page just to this penis that you want me
to draw let's open the pack and I'm
going to hold it in front of the screen
I'm going to draw the penis now i'll
show you guys the penis once I've drawn
it this is really difficult doing it
like this there we go a bit of fluff
come around there yeah get double weeds
and we got a couple of duplicates as
well but there's the penis for those of
you that are interested a little bit of
pencil drawing of a penis with a large
superstition of the day we get jovino he
seems to be coming up everywhere at the
moment and we get David Luiz so not the
greatest of packs again for a 25k pack
we get a load of squad fitness cards we
get Diego costs though which is pretty
good i'm happy with that and then other
than that it wasn't that brilliant if
you guys want to see more pack something
they're going to be bringing out some
more special packs real soon if you want
to see more pack openings be sure to
smack a like rating on the video i'll
see you guys next time
hi guys who's right in London me a name
you're at covent garden by now and I'm
about to meet someone who a lot of you
guys will know from my channel